What do you mean by algorithm analysis Suppose the given algorithm and compute the total time T(n) for worst case and average case.
Algorithm              cost
for i=1 to n            C1
for j=o to n-1          C2
printf("I am batman")   C3


Convert the flowing expression into postfix.
a+(b/c-(d*e^f)+g)*h


What is ADT explain the ADT for natural number

what are advantage of dynamic list ? Write an algorithm to insert a node at first and last in singly linked list

What is LinkedList? Riot and algorithm to implement stack operation using linked list.

Compare recursion and iteration write the program to solve tower of Hanoi (TOH ) problem.

How doubly linked list overcome problems of single linked list also expalin circular linked list

Write an algorithm to insert a node at last and delete node from last in doubly linked list

why queue is called fifo structure? Write an algorithm for enqueue and dequeue operation from circular queue.

Explain divide and conquer algorithm with example

Define data structure explain the type of data structure with its application

Write a program to implement linear queue using Java

Write short note on double ended queue , Recursion and stack , greedy algorithm 


Why do we need data structures if an algorithm alone can solve a program?
Define Abstract Data Type (ADT) and explain its importance.

Convert the following infix expression to postfix expression showing stack status after every step in tabular form:   (a-b/c$d)*e/(f-g*h)

What is rate of growth?
Explain best case and worst case time complexity with suitable examples.

Write an algorithm to insert and search a node in a singly linked list.

Write a Java program to implement stack push and pop operations.

How is a circular queue better than a linear queue?
Explain with diagrams and write algorithms to insert (enqueue) and delete (dequeue) elements in a circular queue.

What is a Binary Search Tree (BST)? Explain its properties and advantages with diagram. form a BST by Inserting number from 14,10,17,12,11,20,18,25,20,8,22,23. also find preorder and postorder

Find the Huffman code for the word “BOOKKEEPER”.

Trace Merge sort algorithm for given data : 98,58,57,12,18,73,150,210,56,98,58,57,12,1
8,73,150,210,56.

What is collision? Explain different collision resolution techniques.

What do you mean by a spanning tree of a graph?Explain with example and diagram.

Define graph and graph traversal.
Explain Breadth First Search (BFS) and Depth First Search (DFS) graph traversal techniques with diagrams.

Write short notes on the following:
a) Topological Sort
b) Recursion
c) Divide and Conquer Algorithm





